He just admitted it.
Famous Witt
Always using other people's work
Who is that buckwheat person?
So talented
Hey, I don't know.
There was a car accident some time ago, and now the life and death are unknown.
Did you hear the idiom?
So he confessed.
So what do you want to say so what?
Why is that?
Why is it also the work of Maoling buckwheat?
I was despised by thousands of people
He can get your liking.
Why isn't that fair?
Come on, drag this lunatic out of here
I don't want Qi Zong
He didn't just own Witt's work
He also had an affair with Boss Qiao
What nonsense are you talking about?
You have to believe me.
What I said is true.
He is having an affair with Buckwheat's father
Otherwise, why does he live at Qiao's house every day?
Because I'm his dad.
Witt in your mouth
It's my daughter buckwheat
That's impossible.
I thought he couldn't be buckwheat
Buckwheat is obviously a 100kg fat man
How could he have become like this?